

Tell me about yourself:

I am an enthusiastic learner and very keen on learning new technologoes.
I am focussed, detail oriented.
I am new to the QA industry but am well trained and looking forward to making an impactful contribution

Any weaknessess?

People sometimes tell me that I  am a perfectionist.
I try to remind myself that the "Perfect can soemtimes be the enemy of the good".
A good product deleivered on time is better than delivering a perfect product that misses the delivery deadline.




Tell me about your current position:


I am a software Quality Assurance analyst with North American MedTech Group.
In my current role I have been tasked with verifying the functionality of the MMP application.
This domain is the health care industry.
MMP (Manage My Patient) is a Web based application.
MMP  is categorized into different modules (patient, doctor, admin user, insurance agent) based on end user role.'
The end users are healthcare industry professionals:  physicians, patients, administrators, insurance company agents.
MMP is used in doctor's offices.  Patients can register at the portal and make appointments, view their medical records, pay their biils, refill their prescriptions, submit insurance claims.

Physicians can submit presrciptions, update medical records
administrators can approve patient registrations, and so on.

Manage My Patient (MMP) also provides  robust, real-time analytics through customizable reports and dashboards.

MMP uses a 3 Tier architecture.

Tier 1, the frontend is a Browser based web client. It uses Javascript and HTML.
Tier 2, the backend is an Apache Tomcat server on a Linux machine implemented in PHP.
Tier 3 is is a MySQL database (MariaDB).


Between Tier 1 and Tier 2 is the WebAPI middleware.  This uses a REST architecture where the resources (patient, doctor, appointment) are mapped into the URL and the HTTP methods in a RESTful manner.
Each request and repsonse is stateless.

As a tester,

(a)  I reviewed the business requirements and designed test scenarios, test cases, and RTMs
(b)  I executed the test cases manually and recorded defects in JIRA
(c)  Participated in scrum meetings, reviewed the test plans of co-workers
(d)  Used the SoapUI tool to perform functional testing of the APIs.  Issued GET, POST, PUT, DELETE requests from SoapUI
     and used assertions within the XML response to validate requirements.
(e) Peeformed Database testing using SQL queries to verify that user actions on the web client translate to
    meaningful changes in the MySQL database tables.
(f) Automated several test scenarios using Selenium within a Java Eclipse IDE using TestNG and Maven.
    Input data was retrieved from Excel worksheets and was used to populate the HTML forms of the MMP application.
    The response was validated using TestNG assertions.  Used the Page Object Model to design Java classes for Web Pages
    and TestNG test cases.  Framework was hybrid (combination of Data Driven and Modular)


